2
01/08/2024
The human body contains enough fat to make seven bars of soap.
Humans are the only species known to blush.
Your heartbeat mimics the music you listen to.
Laughter can increase blood flow by 20%.
A human's small intestine is about 22 feet long.
Your sense of smell is linked closely to your memory.
The human nose can detect about 1 trillion smells.
The average person has 10,000 taste buds.
Your skin renews itself every 28 days.
Humans shed about 600,000 particles of skin every hour.
The human brain uses about 20% of the body's total oxygen and energy.
There are more bacteria in a human mouth than there are people in the world.
The only part of the body that has no blood supply is the cornea of the eye.
The human brain contains approximately 86 billion neurons.
Your left lung is smaller than your right lung to make room for your heart.
Bones are about 5 times stronger than steel of the same density.
The femur, or thigh bone, is the strongest bone in the body.
A person's feet have 25% of the bones in the body.
Human bones are constantly being renewed, with new cells replacing old ones.
Humans have 46 chromosomes, 23 from each parent.
The average person produces enough saliva in their lifetime to fill two swimming pools.
The human eye can distinguish about 10 million different colors.
Your ears secrete more earwax when you are afraid.
The human skeleton renews itself completely every 10 years.
A person's DNA is 99.9% identical to every other person's DNA.
Your fingerprints are formed within the first 3 months of fetal development.
The human liver has over 500 different functions.
Humans are the only animals that produce emotional tears.
The average human body temperature is around 98.6°F (37°C).
The human body has over 600 muscles.
The brain is more active at night than during the day.
The stomach gets a new lining every 3 to 4 days.
An adult human body has about 100,000 miles of blood vessels.
The human heart beats around 100,000 times per day.
The surface area of a human lung is equal to a tennis court.
Humans are born with about 300 bones, but by adulthood, the number is reduced to 206.
The average person breathes in about 11,000 liters of air every day.
The human body has enough iron to make a 3-inch nail.
The average person walks the equivalent of three times around the world in a lifetime.
The strongest muscle in the body is the masseter, or jaw muscle.
Humans blink around 20 times per minute.
A single human blood cell takes about 60 seconds to make a complete circuit of the body.
Human teeth are as strong as shark teeth.
The hyoid bone in the throat is the only bone in the body not connected to another bone.
Every human spent about half an hour as a single cell.
Humans have unique tongue prints, just like fingerprints.
The human brain has a memory capacity which is the equivalent of more than four terabytes on a hard drive.
The acid in your stomach is strong enough to dissolve razor blades.
Humans are capable of echolocation, similar to bats and dolphins.
The human body gives off a tiny amount of light, but it's too weak for the human eye to see.
Human bones are about 31% water.
A person will die from total lack of sleep sooner than from starvation.
Your fingernails grow faster on your dominant hand.
A newborn baby has about one cup of blood in its body.
The average human adult has between 4.5 and 5.5 liters of blood.
The liver is the only organ that can regenerate itself.
The average human scalp has about 100,000 hairs.
Human blood is red due to the iron content in hemoglobin.
The fastest muscle in the human body is the orbicularis oculi, which allows the eyes to blink.
Humans can survive without a stomach or large intestine, but it would be very difficult.
The human body contains about 37.2 trillion cells.
The tongue is the only muscle in the body that is attached at only one end.
Humans shed about 1.5 pounds of skin each year.
Your bones are constantly repairing themselves, replacing old bone with new.
The average human brain weighs about 3 pounds.
The strongest bone in the human body is the femur, or thigh bone.
Humans have about 5 million hair follicles.
The human body can produce its own aspirin from certain fruits and vegetables.
The average person has about 67 different species of bacteria in their belly button.
The human brain is about 60% fat.
The only muscle that never tires is the heart.
The human brain can generate about 23 watts of power (enough to power a light bulb).
The human eye can distinguish about 500 shades of gray.
Humans are the only species known to sleep on their backs.
The placenta is the only temporary organ in the human body.
The human heart can continue to beat even when disconnected from the body.
A sneeze can travel at over 100 miles per hour.
Your bones are constantly changing; the body replaces about 10% of the skeletal system each year.
Humans share 60% of their DNA with bananas.
The average person spends about 2 weeks of their life waiting for the traffic light to change.
Humans are born with 300 bones, but some fuse together to end up with 206 as adults.
Humans have a unique 'voice print,' similar to fingerprints.
The largest organ in the human body is the skin.
The human body has 2.5 million sweat glands.
The human brain is capable of having more ideas than the number of atoms in the known universe.
The human body contains around 0.2 milligrams of gold, most of it in the blood.
Your body is home to about 39 trillion bacteria.
Your nose and ears continue to grow throughout your life.
The human body has enough carbon to provide 'lead' for about 9,000 pencils.
Humans have a tiny amount of 'star stuff' in their bodies, as we are made of elements formed in stars.
The average human spends about one-third of their life sleeping.
Humans are bioluminescent and glow in the dark, but the light is too faint to be seen by the naked eye.
The human body has over 650 muscles.
Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks or it would digest itself.
The human brain can hold about 1 million gigabytes of memory.
Humans have about 2,000 taste buds.
The human body produces about 25 million new cells each second.
Your blood makes up about 8% of your body weight.
The human liver can regenerate itself even after losing up to 75% of its mass.
The human brain has the same consistency as tofu.
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30 feet.
Humans have about 1,500 miles of airways in their lungs.
